fix(curriculum): add note about additional logging (#57680)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lab-inventory-management-program/66d75dd0aa65a71600dc669b.md

1. You should create a function named `removeProduct` that takes the product name and quantity as its arguments.
1. The `removeProduct` function should subtract the passed quantity from the corresponding product object inside the inventory and log the string `Remaining <product-name> pieces: <product-quantity>` to the console, where `<product-name>` should be replaced by the product name, and `<product-quantity>` should be replaced by the product quantity.
1. If the quantity after the subtraction is zero, `removeProduct` should remove the product object from the inventory. If the quantity in the inventory is not enough to perform the subtraction, the `removeProduct` function should log the string `Not enough <product-name> available, remaining pieces: <product-quantity>` to the console.
1. If the product to remove is not present in the inventory, the `removeProduct` function should log `<product-name> not found` to the console.

> **Note:** To prevent conflicts, keep only specified logging when running tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** To prevent conflicts, keep only the logging mentioned in the user stories when running tests.
```

Author: Thanks, I had some troubles with making wording smooth.
